README.md, before:

# Basic C SDL2 project

This project is a basic C [SDL2][SDL] project that uses [CMake][] as a build system.

## Dependencies

- [Git][]
- C Compiler (gcc, ...)
- [CMake][]
- [SDL2][SDL] library

**On Debian/Ubuntu based distributions, use the following command:**

```sh
sudo apt install git build-essential pkg-config cmake cmake-data libsdl2-dev
```

**Optional packages:**

- [SDL2_image][] library
- [SDL2_ttf][] library
- [SDL2_net][] library
- [SDL2_mixer][] library
- [SDL2_gfx][] library

```sh
sudo apt install libsdl2-image-dev libsdl2-ttf-dev libsdl2-net-dev libsdl2-mixer-dev libsdl2-gfx-dev
```

## Build instructions

```sh
# Clone this repo
git clone --recurse-submodules https://gitlab.com/aminosbh/basic-c-sdl-project.git
cd basic-c-sdl-project

# Create a build folder
mkdir build
cd build

# Build
cmake ..
make

# Run
./basic-c-sdl-project
```

***Note:*** To use SDL2_image, SDL2_ttf, SDL2_net, SDL2_mixer or SDL2_gfx, you
should uncomment some instructions in the CMakeLists.txt file and re-execute
the `make` command.

### Open the project with an IDE under Linux

See [IDE_USAGE.md](IDE_USAGE.md) for details.

## License

Author: Amine B. Hassouna [@aminosbh](https://gitlab.com/aminosbh)

This project is distributed under the terms of the MIT license
[&lt;LICENSE&gt;](LICENSE).



[SDL]: https://www.libsdl.org
[CMake]: https://cmake.org
[Git]: https://git-scm.com
[SDL2_image]: https://www.libsdl.org/projects/SDL_image
[SDL2_ttf]: https://www.libsdl.org/projects/SDL_ttf
[SDL2_net]: https://www.libsdl.org/projects/SDL_net
[SDL2_mixer]: https://www.libsdl.org/projects/SDL_mixer
[SDL2_gfx]: http://www.ferzkopp.net/wordpress/2016/01/02/sdl_gfx-sdl2_gfx

Commit message:

Add 'rename_project.sh' script

README.md, after:

# Basic C SDL2 project

This project is a basic C [SDL2][SDL] project that uses [CMake][] as a build system.


It could be used as a base for any SDL2 project. Just fork it, clone it and
execute the `rename_project.sh` script. You will be prompted to enter the new
project name, the new executable name and the new git repository, but you can
keep the autodetected values. Finally, just commit and push the result to your
repository.

## Dependencies

- [Git][]
- C Compiler (gcc, ...)
- [CMake][]
- [SDL2][SDL] library

**On Debian/Ubuntu based distributions, use the following command:**

```sh
sudo apt install git build-essential pkg-config cmake cmake-data libsdl2-dev
```

**Optional packages:**

- [SDL2_image][] library
- [SDL2_ttf][] library
- [SDL2_net][] library
- [SDL2_mixer][] library
- [SDL2_gfx][] library

```sh
sudo apt install libsdl2-image-dev libsdl2-ttf-dev libsdl2-net-dev libsdl2-mixer-dev libsdl2-gfx-dev
```

## Build instructions

```sh
# Clone this repo
git clone --recurse-submodules https://gitlab.com/aminosbh/basic-c-sdl-project.git
cd basic-c-sdl-project

# Create a build folder
mkdir build
cd build

# Build
cmake ..
make

# Run
./basic-c-sdl-project
```

***Note:*** To use SDL2_image, SDL2_ttf, SDL2_net, SDL2_mixer or SDL2_gfx, you
should uncomment some instructions in the CMakeLists.txt file and re-execute
the `make` command.

### Open the project with an IDE under Linux

See [IDE_USAGE.md](IDE_USAGE.md) for details.

## License

Author: Amine B. Hassouna [@aminosbh](https://gitlab.com/aminosbh)

This project is distributed under the terms of the MIT license
[&lt;LICENSE&gt;](LICENSE).



[SDL]: https://www.libsdl.org
[CMake]: https://cmake.org
[Git]: https://git-scm.com
[SDL2_image]: https://www.libsdl.org/projects/SDL_image
[SDL2_ttf]: https://www.libsdl.org/projects/SDL_ttf
[SDL2_net]: https://www.libsdl.org/projects/SDL_net
[SDL2_mixer]: https://www.libsdl.org/projects/SDL_mixer
[SDL2_gfx]: http://www.ferzkopp.net/wordpress/2016/01/02/sdl_gfx-sdl2_gfx
